(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Welcome back.
How did you make out with the challenge?
I hope you were successful.
I will walk you through my solution.
Now it might look different than yours, but that's fine,
as long as the outcome is the same.
First, between the customer package,
we will create a new class, CustomerRemovedEvent,
which will be used as an event class.
This is just a POJO that needs to hold a customer object.
I like to use long block annotations
to make things less cluttered.
Now in our customer service, remove customer method,
make sure after the customer has been removed,
we publish an event.
ApplicationEventPublisher has already been injected
from the previous exercise,
so we can use it to publish a new CustomerRemovedEvent.
In the new CustomerRemovedEvent,
we need to also include a reference
through removed customer.
Between EventListener's class,
create a new method called onCustomerRemovedEvent
with the argument CustomerRemovedEvent
and annotate it with @EventListener.
For sending an email, we will use an existing method
from email service, sendCustomerRemovedEmail,
and call it between our method.
Keep in mind, this method is just doing log print.
And finally, you can run a test method to test
if email service has been called up,
and it was a removal.
And there you have it.
We managed to extend existing functionalities
by using events.